Add sketch section (#1072)
GSA-TTS/FAC: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/story-issue-template.md

[comment]: # "Please do not remove this section without care."
[comment]: # "Note any security concerns that might be implicated in the change. 'None' is OK, but we must be explicit here."

# Sketch

> We're thinking we'll try implementing A and then changing B.
> 
> ```[tasklist]

Reviewer: What do you think about adding a short comment to describe what a "sketch" is for?

```suggestion
We're thinking we'll try implementing A and then changing B.

[comment]: # "Broad list of implementation steps that aren't as well-defined or 'demoable' as ACs"
```[tasklist]
```
